Q1. How many players will the tournament handle? Is it varible?
- The application sould be able to andle a variable number of players
in a tournament.

Q2. If a tournament has less than the full complements of players, how do we handle it?
- A tournament with less tan te perfect number (a multiple of 2, so 4, 8, 16, 32, etc.)
should add in "byes". Basically, certain people selected at random get to skip the first
round and act as if they won.

Q3. Should the order of who plays eac oter be random or ordered by input order?
- The ordering of the tournament should be random.

Q4. Should we schedule the games or are they just played whenever?
- The games should be played in whatever order and whenever the players want to play them.

Q5. If the games are scheduled, how does the system know when to schedule games for? 
- They are not scheduled so we do not care.

Q6. If the games are played whenever, can a game from the second round be played before the first round is complete?
- No. Each round should be fully completed before the next round is displayed.

Q7. Does the system need to store a score of some kind or just who won?
- Storing a simple score would be nice. Just a number for each player.
That way, the tracker can be flexible enough to handle a checkers tournament (
the winner would have a 1 and the loser a 0) or a basketball tournament.

Q8. What type of front-end should this system have (form , webpage, app, etc.)?
- The system should be a desktop system for now, but down the road we might want to 
turn into an app or a website.

Q9. Where will the data be stored?
- Ideally, the data should be stored in a Microsoft SQL database but please put an option to store
to a text file instead. 

Q10. Will this system handle entry fees, prizes or other payouts?
- Yes. The tournament should have the option of charging an entry fee. Prizes should also
be an option, where the tournament administrator chooses how much money to award a variable 
number of places. The total cash amount should not exceed the income from the tournament.
A percentage-based system would be nice to specify.

Q11. Will the system handle entry fees, prizes, or other payouts?
- Yes. The tournament should have the option of charging an entry fee. 
Prizes should also be an option, where the tournament administrator chooses 
how much money to award a variable number of places. The total cash amount 
should not exceed the income from the tournament. A perentage-based system 
would also be nice to specify. i.e. the first / second / third player gets 
a 50% of income and the remaining goes to the organisor/admin

Q13. What type of reporting is needed? // need a score-card? How to present the results? 
- A simple report specifying the outcome of the games per round as well as a 
report that specifies who won and how much they won. These can be just displayed on a 
form or they can be emailed to tournament competitors and te administrator. 

Q14. Who can fill in the results of a game? // is the computer going to do this or by a admin person?
- Anyone using the application should be able to fill in the 
game score.

Q15. Are there varying level of access?
No. The only method of varied access is if the competitors are not allowe into the
application and they do everything via email. A two level system.

Q16. Should this system contact users about upcoming games? // Email ?
Yes, the system should email users that they are due to play in a round
as well as who they are scheduled to play.

Q15. Is each player on their own or can teams use this tournament tracker?
The tournament tracker sould be able to handle the addition of other members. All members
should be treated as equals in tat they all get tournament emails. Teams should also be able
to name their team.

